let facts = [
    "Only 8 species of bears still exist in the world today. Out of the 8 species, 4 live in the Southern Hemisphere and 4 live in the Northern Hemisphere.",
    "Unlike many mammals, bears can see in colour.",
    "Polar bears are the largest land predators on earth, standing over 3.3m high and weighing 770kg.",
    "The giant panda is actually a bear."
    "Bears have an excellent sense of smell, better than dogs or possibly any other mammal."
    "All polar bears today can trace their ancestry back to one female brown bear who lived in Ireland 50,000 years ago.",
    "A group of bears is called a sloth.",
    "Under their fur, polar bears have black skin.",
    "Of the 8 species of bears, polar bears are the most carnivorous, the giant panda feeds almost entirely on bamboo and the remaining six species are omnivorous with varied diets.",
    "Koala bears are not bears, they are marsupials.",
    "If you eat a polar bear liver, you will die. Humans can not handle that much Vitamin A.",
    "Polar bears can smell their prey on the ice from 32km away.",
    "Grizzly bears have a bite force of 8,000,000 pascals, enough to crush a bowling ball",
    "Teddy bears were named after U.S President Theodore 'Teddy' Roosevelt.",
    "There are no polar bears in Antartica, only in the Artic.",
    "A bear fought in the Polish Army in WW2. He carried shells to the frontline and was taught to salute.",
    "A grizzly bear has to eat almost 20,000 calories a day.",
    "Russians take guns into space to protect themselves against bears if they land off-course.",
    "Residents of Churchhill, Canada, leave their cars unlocked to offer an escape for pedestrians who might encounter Polar Bears.",
    "Theodore Roosevelt has a pet bear while he was in office.",
    "Male bears are called 'boars' and female bears are called 'sows'.",
    "California's official state animal, the California grizzly bear is extinct.",
    "The brown bear is the national animal of Finland.",
    "Female bears give birth during hibernation, and are roused when they do so.",
    "During hibernation, the bear's metabolism slows down, its body temperature decreases slightly, and its heart rate slows from a normal value of 55 to just 9 beats per minute.",
    "Bears are typically solitary animals, with the exception of courting individuals and mothers with their young.",
    "Polar bears can swim up to 96km without stopping.",
    "Bears do not urinate while they hibernate. They convert their urine into protein and use it as food.",
    "Bears have favourite trees and will walk for miles to scratch their backs on them.",
    "Bears can run twice as fast as humans can.",
    "The sloth bear has the shaggiest fur. The sun bear has the shortest fur so it can keep cool in the hot forests of Southeast Asia.",
    "The most accurate way to determine the age of a bear is to count the rings in a cross section of its tooth root under a microscope.",
    "Bears have two layers of fur. A short layer of fur keeps the bear warm. And a long layer keeps water away from the skin and short fur.",
    "Bears are very smart and have been known to roll rocks into bear traps to set off the trap and eat the bait in safety.",
    "Bears live as long as 30 years in the wild. One captive brown bear lived to the age of 47.",
    "Bears are bowlegged. This gives them better grip and balance.",
    "Bears can run up to 40 miles per hour, fast enough to catch a running horse. The fastest known human alive today is Usain Bolt, who can run 27mph.",
    "Black bears are not always black. They come in a rainbow of colors from black to reddish brown (cinnamon bears) to light brown to white.",
    "The world’s most widely distributed bear is the brown bear. However, the American black bear is the world's most common bear species.",
    "When bears mate, the eggs within the female’s body are fertilized but do not implant in her uterus and begin developing for several months.",
    "A swimming polar bear can jump 2.4 m out of the water to surprise a seal.",
    "A polar bear’s stomach can hold 68 kg of meat.",
    "Panda bears have an extra “thumb” (which is actually an extra-large wrist bone) just for holding onto bamboo stalks. A panda bear can eat over 20.4 kg of bamboo per day.",
    "The giant panda has a large head for its body. Scientists believe this is because it needs a strong jaw and neck muscles to eat bamboo, which makes up 99% of its diet. The remaining 1% consists of insects on the bamboo and dead meat that the panda may find.",
    "Sloth bears’ favorite food is termites. These bears have no front teeth, so they easily suck out insects from their nests like a vacuum cleaner. They can also seal their nostrils for better suction.",
    "Bears have been known to eat almost anything, including snowmobile seats, engine oil, and rubber boots.",
    "About 98% of the grizzly bear population in the U.S. lives in Alaska.",
    "The shape of a bear’s claw differs according to the type of bear. Bears that climb, such as black bears, have claws that are curved and strong to allow them to claw at tree bark. Bears that dig, such as grizzly bears, have straight and long claws.",
    "In 2004, a black bear was found unconscious in a campground in Seattle, Washington. It had broken into a cooler and used its claws and teeth to open dozens of beer cans. Although it sampled other types of beer, it chose to drink all the cans of only one type of beer. After its drinking binge, the bear passed out.",
    "One variation of the black bear is a white bear called the Kermode, ghost, or spirit bear. These bears are very rare. Native Americans believed these white bears had supernatural power.",
    "In 2008, a Canadian man was attacked by a grizzly bear. He survived the attack by playing dead, even when the bear began to gnaw on his scalp. The bear eventually lost interest and went away.",
    "Most bears are born without fur. Only polar bears and giant pandas are born with thin white fur.",
    "Bears have non-retractable claws like dogs and unlike cats.",
    "While most bears have bare feet, the paws of polar bears have fur on the bottoms and between the toes. Bears lose most of their heat from their paws.",
    "Like people, all bears except pandas walk by putting their feet flat on the ground. This kind of walking is called “plantigrade.” In contrast to bears, other large animals—including dogs, horses, and even elephants—walk on their toes.",
    "The claws on the front feet of bears are longer than the claws on the back feet. Some large bears have claws almost 13cm long.",
    "The Ursa Major or “Great Bear” constellation is the third-largest constellation and contains the Big Dipper.",
    "Not all bears hibernate. Asiatic black bears, American black bears, some brown bear species, and pregnant polar bears hibernate. Sloth bears live in warm places with abundant food, so they don’t need to hibernate.",
    "A newly born Kodiak brown bear can weigh less than one pound. As it grows up, its weight may increase as much as 1,000 times. If human babies grew this much, as adults they would weigh over 2800kg.",
    "Polar bears have the largest home ranges of any bear. One polar bear can hunt and live in an area as big as Maine.",
    "The only species of bear that does not move its ears to pick up sound is the giant panda.",
    "Because a giant panda’s eye is a vertical slit, like many nocturnal animals it can see by day and by night.",
    "Once bears breed, they go their separate ways. Male bears do not help the mother bear raise the cubs. Depending on the breed, intercourse may last a few minutes (giant panda) or half an hour (polar bear).",
    "When U.S. President Theodore (Teddy) Roosevelt refused to shoot a black bear cub on a hunting trip, a cartoon featured the event, and soon stuffed toy manufacturers popularized “Teddy’s bear.”",
    "Only about 1,000 giant pandas live in the wild today.",
    "The lips of bears are not attached to their gums, which make their lips look rubbery.",
    "Baloo, from The Jungle Book, is a sloth bear.",
    "Most bears have 42 teeth, which is about 10 more than people have. A bear’s canines can reach 4cm long, while a human’s are less than 1.2cm long.",
    "The giant panda has been described as a living fossil because it is such an ancient animal."
];